game_id	name	summary	video_id	platform
358	Super Mario Bros.	A side scrolling 2D platformer and first entry in the Super Mario franchise, Super Mario Bros. follows Italian plumber Mario as he treks across many levels of platforming challenges featuring hostile enemies to rescue Princess Peach from the evil king Bowser.	sSgTB-tKrNk	Nintendo 3DS,Nintendo Entertainment System,Wii,Wii U
1066	Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels	Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels is a direct sequel to Super Mario Bros. Not to be confused with the western Super Mario Bros. 2, this sequel to Super Mario Bros. is very much an expansion to the original, with many reused graphics and concepts, though new ones are also present. The game was initially released for the Japan-only Family Computer Disk System.	dZHxqZ0Sd0A	Nintendo 3DS,Wii,Wii U
1068	Super Mario Bros. 3	Super Mario Bros. 3, the third entry in the Super Mario Bros. series and Super Mario franchise, sees Mario or Luigi navigate a nonlinear world map containing platforming levels and optional minigames and challenges. The game features more diverse movement options and new items alongside more complex level designs and boss battles.	HU80R7jGanE	Nintendo 3DS,Nintendo Entertainment System,Wii,Wii U
1069	Super Mario Land	Super Mario Land is the first Mario's outing on the Game Boy. It is a side-scrolling platformer much in the vein of the previous Super Mario Bros. This time, Mario must save Princess Daisy, rather than Princess Toadstool, from her kidnapper Tatanga, a mysterious spaceman. The game follows largely the same formula of its aforementioned predecessor, with Mario defeating enemies by jumping on them and collecting coins and power ups by hitting floating blocks, with each world leading up to a boss fight which is defeated using by collapsing the floor. A unique feature of this instalment is two scrolling shoot-'em-up levels, the first of which Mario pilots a submarine, and the second an aeroplane.	PG1q5q0spQE	Game Boy,Nintendo 3DS
1070	Super Mario World	A 2D platformer and first entry on the SNES in the Super Mario franchise, Super Mario World follows Mario as he attempts to defeat Bowser's underlings and rescue Princess Peach from his clutches. The game features a save system, a less linear world map, an expanded movement arsenal and numerous new items for Mario, alongside new approaches to level design and art direction.	Vxg5eOPmzHI	Nintendo 3DS,Super Nintendo Entertainment System,Wii,Wii U
1071	Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins	Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins is a platforming game for the Game Boy and the sequel to Super Mario Land. It also marks the debut of Mario's self-proclaimed arch rival Wario, who would later become a recurring character in the Mario series as well as a protagonist in his own series. The game features new graphics, power-ups, challenges, and a completely original storyline.	gZm5cXRShO4	Game Boy,Nintendo 3DS
1072	Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3	Hey! Things are really cookin' on Kitchen Island! Wario's got a scheme to steal the pirates' treasure so he can have his very own castle! You help Wario get the treasure by smashing into the the magic pots! Each pot changes him into Dragon Wario, Bull Wario, or Jet Wario! With each change comes new powers!  Dozens of enemies try to stop Wario, but you have the power to beat them!  Be the bad guy!  Explore the many exciting levels of Kitchen Island!  Battery-backed memory saves your progress for many hours of fun!	rcSfgVzL6hU	Game Boy,Nintendo 3DS
1073	Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island	Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island is a platform video game acting as a prequel to 1990's Super Mario World. The game casts players as Yoshi as he escorts Baby Mario through 48 levels in order to reunite him with his brother Luigi, who had been kidnapped by Baby Bowser's minions. As a Super Mario series platformer, Yoshi runs and jumps to reach the end of the level while solving puzzles and collecting items. In a style new to the series, the game has a hand-drawn aesthetic and is the first to have Yoshi as its main character. The game introduces his signature abilities to flutter jump, produce eggs from swallowed enemies, and transform into vehicles.	SbIWiq1pDuw	Super Nintendo Entertainment System
1074	Super Mario 64	The first three dimensional entry in the Mario franchise, Super Mario 64 follows Mario as he puts his broadened 3D movement arsenal to use in order to rescue Princess Peach from the clutches of his arch rival Bowser. Mario has to jump into worlds-within-paintings ornamenting the walls of Peach's castle, uncover secrets and hidden challenges and collect golden stars as reward for platforming trials.	ul2Cw9PL5Q4	Nintendo 64,Wii,Wii U
1075	Super Mario Sunshine	Super Mario Sunshine is a Mario action-adventure 3D platformer. It follows Super Mario 64, and is the second 3D Mario platformer. Gameplay features a combination of action and puzzle solving, with numerous stages and multiple episodes to each stage, and plenty of hidden secrets and surprises. This game introduced many recurring characters and bosses in the Mario series, including Toadsworth, Bowser Jr., Petey Piranha, Gooper Blooper, Piantas, Nokis, Shadow Mario, and F.L.U.D.D. Super Mario Sunshine pays homage to Mario's Italian heritage and upbringing, with many of the locations in the game having Italian names and sometimes referencing Italian culture.	Kr2b--ckbds	Nintendo GameCube
1076	New Super Mario Bros.	New Super Mario Bros. is a side-scrolling 2.5D action-adventure platformer game for the Nintendo DS, starring Mario and Luigi. The game features a solo story mode with Mario or Luigi, a two-player wireless game Mario Vs. Luigi, as well as a minigame mode for up to four players. The gameplay of New Super Mario Bros. is very much like that of the classic 2D platformers, mostly Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. 3, and substantially builds upon them to create gameplay both classic and contemporary. As the game is on DS, the touch screen allows players to store an additional power-up and view the distance still to go in a level.	Zy41U69D6Lc	Nintendo DS,Wii U
1077	Super Mario Galaxy	A 3D platformer and first Wii entry in the Super Mario franchise, Super Mario Galaxy sees Mario jump across planets and galaxies with varying items, enemies, geographies and gravity mechanics in order to reach his enemy Bowser, who has attacked the Mushroom Kingdom and hijacked Princess Peach's castle with her inside.	-ZH0SHeu46Q	Wii
1078	Super Mario Galaxy 2	Super Mario Galaxy 2 is the sequel to Super Mario Galaxy and the fourth 3D platformer entry in the Mario franchise. The sequel retains many elements from its predecessor, such as the adventure being in outer space, the element of gravity, and recurring objects such as Launch Stars and Sling Stars. Returning items include the Bee Mushroom and the Fire Flower. However, the game introduces new elements as well, such as the utilization of Yoshi, new power-ups like the Cloud Flower, and the use of a guide within the game for beginner players.	wGSdQdsHOzo	Wii,Wii U
1079	Super Mario 3D Land	Super Mario 3D Land is the second 3D Super Mario platformer for a handheld device, and the successor to Super Mario Galaxy 2. The game is closely based on side-scrolling Mario games, as it combine elements from both traditional 2D Mario games and modern free-roaming 3D Mario games. It also introduces elements into the series, including power-ups and gameplay mechanics.	QlniEA5o2Kw	Nintendo 3DS
1080	New Super Mario Bros. 2	New Super Mario Bros. 2 is a side-scrolling 2.5D action-adventure platform game for the Nintendo 3DS. As the direct sequel to New Super Mario Bros., it is an indirect follow-up to New Super Mario Bros. Wii. The game's main focus is on coins, with the primary goal being to collect one million. To reach the goal, the game includes many new items to aid the player, such as the Gold Flower, which turns Mario into Gold Mario.	OIhF5hWpAgU	Nintendo 3DS
2171	New Super Mario Bros. U	New Super Mario Bros. U is a side-scrolling 2.5D platform game, and the fourth and latest installment in the New Super Mario Bros. series. As the sequel to New Super Mario Bros. Wii, the game is a follow-up game of New Super Mario Bros. 2. It uses new, more detailed background styles and models and introduces the Flying Squirrel power-up, acquired by Mario and his friends from an item called the Super Acorn, as well as utilizing the Wii U GamePad in Boost Mode. In addition to the core campaign, there are also challenge modes.	IQHa4qindfE	Wii U
2178	New Super Mario Bros. Wii	New Super Mario Bros. Wii is a side-scrolling 2.5D Mario platformer for the Wii and the tenth game in the Super Mario series. In addition to the single-player experience, New Super Mario Bros. Wii also features a multiplayer mode for up to four players. This is the first Super Mario game to feature co-op and vs. modes at the same time since Mario Bros. It features more items, new levels, and more enemies than the DS predecessor. The game introduces two new power-ups, the Propeller Mushroom and the Penguin Suit, which turn characters into their propeller and penguin forms, respectively.	__x__iktPxE	Wii,Wii U
2180	Super Mario 3D World	Super Mario 3D World is a 3D platformer action game for the Wii U, and a follow-up of the Nintendo 3DS installment Super Mario 3D Land. The game builds upon the previous installment, following a similar 3D level-design convention inspired from the 2D platformer titles where players must navigate through a linear-designed level within a time limit to reach a level's Goal Pole. One key aspect introduced in this title is the simultaneous multiplayer: while not the first game in the series to do so, it is the first 3D title in the Mario series to incorporate up to four players cooperating with each other to reach the goal. Players can select their character from a pool of playable characters prior to starting the game, and each of these characters have their own unique playstyle that gives them advantages and disadvantages over other characters. The game makes use of several Wii U exclusive features, such as tapping blocks with the touch screen on the GamePad and blowing into the mic to reveal hidden items and blow away enemies. Various new power-ups are introduced in this title, with the trademark suit being the Cat power-up, which enables characters to perform a melee attack, climb up walls, and leap while midair, as well as the game generally having a cat-based theme.	wLOKVABfrzw	Wii U
2183	Mario Kart Wii	Mario Kart Wii is a multiplayer-oriented racing game for the Wii, and the sixth main installment in the Mario Kart series. Mario Kart Wii retains the traditional item-based weaponry familiar with the franchise, where players can select a Mario franchise driver and themed vehicles. As with most racing games, the overarching goal is to place first among other competitors, through the usage of such items and taking the fastest routes to secure the leads. Several new key elements introduced to Mario Kart Wii include increasing the number of racers to 12 racers from 8 racers from previous entries in the series, as well as introducing a new type of vehicle to the franchise: bikes. The game takes advantage of features unique to the Wii, most notably its motion control capabilities. A Wii Wheel is included in most Mario Kart Wii packages, though the game is still compatible with other controllers. Game modes are also present such as the traditional Grand Prix, Versus, Battle, and Time Trial modes.	MKHLzFGA8o8	Wii
2191	Super Paper Mario	The newest chapter of the Paper Mario story isn't just out of this world... it's out of this dimension. What at first glance appears to be a 2D side-scroller ripped straight from the stylized pages of the Paper Mario universe soon turns into a hilarious dimension-shifting platformer possible only on Wii.	ZiZ3uxff5LY	Wii,Wii U
2193	Mario Party 8	Mario Party 8 is the eighth installment of the Mario Party series on a home console and the first Mario Party game for the Wii. Mario Party 8 is notable for its strong use of the Wii Remote and its motion control capabilities in minigames. Players are required to perform various gestures instead of traditional button/joystick controls. Common motions include pointing-and-shooting, shaking, waving, turning, and twisting the Wii Remote. Player-created Miis are featured in this game, wherein they often show up within crowds. Miis can appear in certain minigames and may also serve as the player's character in Extra Mode. By playing regular party games, minigames, and completing the Star Battle Arena mode, players will earn Carnival Cards, which may be spent to unlock figures and game features.	jNhglqbItaw	Wii
2255	Mario Strikers Charged	Mario Strikers Charged is a Mario soccer Wii game and the sequel to the Nintendo GameCube game Super Mario Strikers. Up to four players can participate in this game as play soccer, attempting to kick the ball into another opponent's goal. The soccer in this game, however, has several differences than the real soccer, such as the ability to tackle other players with a minimal penalty, using Mario-themed items to give players an advantage over their opponents, and playing with stage hazards effectively. This game places a higher emphasis on individual character attributes compared to its precedent, by not only assigning stats, but by also giving team captains a unique Super Ability and the Mega Strike, an opportunity to score up to six goals. Another introduced mechanic is the power level of the ball: indicated by the color of the glow, the shots of the ball become more quick and powerful the more active it is, thus making it easier to score goals with.	XBinxNwAN5s	Wii,Wii U
2256	Super Mario Strikers	Forget what you know about soccer, because in the Mushroom Kingdom, anything goes! Get ready for crazy five-on-five matches as Mario and Co. hit the pitch for the first time ever!  Super Mario Strikers was the last Mario game to be released on the GameCube in Japan and North America.	G6xuCjb80eg	Nintendo GameCube
2327	Mario Party	Every game in the main series has a standard Party Mode in which up to four players play through a board, trying to collect as many stars as possible. In every turn, each player rolls a die and progresses on the board, which usually has branching paths. Coins are primarily earned by performing well in a minigame played at the end of each turn. On most boards, players earn stars by reaching a star space and purchasing a star for a certain amount of coins. The star space appears randomly on one of several pre-determined locations and moves every time a star is purchased, usually occupying a blue space. Every Mario Party contains at least 50 to almost 110 minigames with a few different types. Four-player games are a free-for-all in which players compete individually. In 2-on-2 and 1-on-3 minigames, players compete as two groups, cooperating to win, even though they are still competing individually in the main game. Some minigames in Mario Party are 4-player co-op, even though it doesn't say it. In most situations, winners earn ten coins each.	e8G5Aj8dMpk	Nintendo 64
2328	Mario Party 2	Mario and the gang are back for another round of Bowser-bashin' party action! Watch as your favorite Nintendo characters don different duds for each of the five all-new Adventure Boards! A slew of new tricks and devices bring new levels of challenge and excitement to board game play. New board maps, new Mini-Games, new action and new surprises means a whole new batch of fun! Get ready to unleash your best Hip Drops, hammer swings and high-flying high junks for another round of frenzied multi-player action!	UOnM78qYHzY	Nintendo 64,Wii,Wii U
2329	Mario Party 3	Mario Party 3 is the third and final Mario Party title for the Nintendo 64. A total of eight characters are available to choose from: Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, Yoshi, Wario, Donkey Kong, and newcomers Waluigi and Princess Daisy. Mario Party 3 features duel maps, in which two players try to lower each other's stamina to zero using non-playable characters such as Chain Chomps. It is the first Mario Party game to feature Luigi's main voice and also it is last Mario game where Princess Daisy appears in a yellow and white dress, and with long hair, as well as the last Mario game (until New Super Mario Bros. Wii) in which Yoshi's "record-scratching" voice is used. It is also the first Mario Party game to have multiple save slots.	GkJwz7gq0SA	Nintendo 64
2330	Mario Party 4	Toad, Koopa, and other party-planning pranksters have hidden birthday presents for their closest friends inside the Party Cube. To win the presents, Mario, Yoshi, Peach, and other Mushroom Kingdom favorites will have to plunge into a circus of minigame trickery. As always, keep an eye out for Bowser and his trouble-making goons. Even Whomp and Thwomp have rockin' surprises for you in their Extra Room. Packed with surprises, wild multiplayer action, and zany challenges, Mario Party 4 is your ticket to a good time.	Yjs04Woae98	Nintendo GameCube
2331	Mario Party 5	Help Mario and his friends restore peace to Dream World while racing around all-new game boards and finding new surprises.	U0UegZX2BVs	Nintendo GameCube
2332	Super Mario Kart	Super Mario Kart is a racing game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and the first game of the Mario Kart series, as well as the game that sets precedents to the fictional kart racing genre. Part of this game is heavily based on Super Mario World in terms of graphics and overall theme. Using Mode 7 scaling, the first true kart game on the SNES has you collecting coins to boost your speed while using shells and bananas to stop others on the track.	d2YL1hm8Gd0	Super Nintendo Entertainment System,Wii,Wii U
2333	Mario Party 6	Mario Party 6 offers a new batch of games that require both your fingers and your voice. In this installment in the Mario Party series, you can use the included microphone controller to talk your way to victory. More than 80 minigames are included. You can play as Mario, Bowser, or other characters from the Mushroom Kingdom. New characters appear on the board depending on what time of day it is. The game supports up to four players.	iQSraarJcp4	Nintendo GameCube
2334	Mario Party 7	You can play more than 80 new minigames in the most recent Mario-themed party game, Mario Party 7. Mario and pals needed some time off, but they forgot to invite Bowser on their cruise. You can battle against an angry Bowser or up to seven of your friends on a single GameCube system. Mario Party 7 includes a few new characters and brings back microphone support from Mario Party 6.	5AUhL4C3RLo	Nintendo GameCube
2335	Mario Party DS	He's captured Mario and his friends in his pursuit of a crystal that the group collected when it fell from the sky, and he doesn't hesitate to shrink them to miniature size to get rid of them and get his hands on the other four crystals. The mini-heroes have to find the crystals before he does, making their way through giant environments filled with enormous creatures. The single-player campaign takes place in five different settings, each of them ending with a boss. As usual, players have to collect coins and stars, at the same time escaping dangers such as Piranha Plants and other classic creatures from the Mario universe.	AKYYuoBX-R4	Nintendo DS,Wii U
2336	Mario Party 9	Grab your friends and family and captain the crew to victory!  The party is back and bigger than ever in the Mario Party 9 game for Wii, featuring all-new ways to play! For the first time in the franchise, boss battles crash the party and challenge players to compete to defeat a common enemy. In addition, players now travel across stages together in a vehicle towards a common goal - overcoming obstacles, battling bosses, and collecting Mini Stars stolen by Bowser and his minions. Featuring 80 new minigames, adventurous new stages, and all-new ways to play that blend cooperative and competitive action for up to four players*, Mario Party 9 is the perfect way to get the party started.  -For the first time in the Mario Party franchise, each stage culminates in a Boss Battle. Collectively, players must combine their strength to defeat classic foes such as Bowser and King Boo while still playing competitively to boost their own individual scores.  -In another first for the series, players ride across stages together in special vehicles. Players take turns as Captain of the vehicle by hitting Dice Blocks to move the party forward, hoping to land on lucky spaces. The vehicles also help to streamline game play and keep everyone involved in the action.  -Unique Captain Events on each stage give players a new way to change the shape of the game.  -In Mario Party 9, each themed stage has a clear destination point but with multiple paths along the way, so no two games will play the same. From Toad Road to Boo’s Horror Castle, players will encounter a wide variety of familiar Mario franchise elements in new environments that can be enjoyed solo or with friends.  -Includes 80 outrageous new minigames that find players making pizzas, escaping haunted mansions, and racing snowmobiles.  -No time to play through an entire stage? New minigame modes let players enjoy the action in smaller chunks of time. They can hone their skills at any minigame in Free Play mode or try the Extras mode that includes Goomba Bowling and the puzzle-based Castle Clearout.  -Every time they play, players can earn Party Points that are used to unlock special items and features.  * Additional accessories are required for multiplayer game play and are sold separately.	zPmjS6UOEDw	Wii
2338	Mario Party: Island Tour	Mario Party: Island Tour lets you take the fun on the road with your Nintendo 3DS system!  Face off against friends and family in the all-new, ultimate Mario Party – a portable minigame extravaganza that’s bursting with gameplay possibilities. If you’ve never played a Mario Party game before, you’re in for a treat.  There’s always something new to see on the Party Islands. In this ultimate showdown you can take on the road, blaze through the 7 new game boards, some of which take just minutes to play. Wrangle goombas and blast out of cannons as you tilt, tap, and draw through new minigames harnessing the unique functionality of Nintendo 3DS. Compete in new multiplayer modes including mind bending puzzles, minigame challenges, or enter a whole new reality with AR Card play for up to 4 players*. Whether in single or multiplayer, this is a portable party that never ends.	mLp89o_wYd8	Nintendo 3DS
2342	Mario Kart 64	Mario Kart 64 is the second main installment of the Mario Kart series. It is the first game in the series to use three-dimensional graphics, however, the characters and items in this game are still two-dimensional, pre-rendered sprites. The game offers two camera angles and three engine sizes: 50cc, 100cc and 150cc. Each kart has distinctive handling, acceleration and top speed capabilities. Shells that you fire at rival racers, Bananas that make them skid out and Lightning Bolts that make them small and very slow are just a few of the game's unique power-ups.	ASWgJvuQhTA	Nintendo 64,Wii,Wii U
2343	Mario Kart: Super Circuit	Classic Mario Kart action is back once again, this time in a colorful, lightning-fast game that you can take anywhere. Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Wario, Yoshi and Bowser are all tearing up the track, tossing Koopa Shells and laying banana peels along the way.  Mario Kart Super Circuit puts your driving skills to the test on 40 tracks, each littered with wild weapons and obstacles. Choose to play as any of your favorite characters as you speed around classic and brand-new tracks. If you're feeling combative, try out the creative weaponry (mushrooms, bananas, thunder bolts, and stars) in Battle mode. Feel like making some friends eat your dust? No problem. Four players can compete in Mario Kart Super Circuit using only one Game Pak! If each player has a copy of the game, bonus features and new modes of play become available.	awF8rvh6bXc	Game Boy Advance,Nintendo 3DS,Wii U
2344	Mario Kart: Double Dash!!	The Mushroom Kingdom just got a whole lot more hectic as Mario and friends double up for furious kart racing. This time around, each kart holds two racers that can switch places at any time, so choose from a huge cast of favorites and pair them up any way you see fit. The character in front handles the driving duties, while the character in the rear doles out damage with six normal items and eight special items that only specific characters can use. Get ready for some intense multiplayer mayhem with your favorite characters, including Mario, Luigi, Donkey Kong, Peach, Bowser, and Koopa.	RfJ7FoVvOCA	Nintendo GameCube
2345	Mario Kart DS	Mario Kart DS is the continuation of the long running racing game series that began on the Super Nintendo. It features 16 new tracks as well as 16 tracks from the previous 4 games, with each set split up into the Nitro and Retro Grand Prix respectively. Eight racers are initially available, each with two go-karts to choose from. A number of characters and additional karts are also available to unlock. New items have been added to the arsenal, including a Blooper squid that squirts ink onto the screens of other players and a Bullet Bill power up that transforms the player into a giant, fast-travelling bullet on autopilot.	M0LfLk9lLEg	Nintendo DS,Wii U
2349	Mario Kart 7	The seventh installment of the fan-favorite Mario Kart franchise brings Mushroom Kingdom racing fun into glorious 3D. For the first time, drivers explore new competitive kart possibilities, such as soaring through the skies or plunging to the depths of the sea. New courses, strategic new abilities and customizable karts bring the racing excitement to new heights.	GHbbGJN6KFY	Nintendo 3DS
2350	Mario Kart 8	Turn your racing experience upside down! Nintendo’s Mario Kart franchise comes to the Wii U console in full HD, introducing new racing circuit designs and anti-gravity karts that will have players driving upside down. And for the first time, all of Bowser’s seven Koopalings are playable characters-- get a taste of being bad on the race track by playing as Iggy, Larry, Lemmy, Ludwig, Morton, Roy and Wendy. Players will also enjoy a variety of series-favorite features, including the return of 12-player online competitive play, hang-gliders, underwater racing and motorbikes.	NA6CAgv6p6g	Wii U
2706	Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games	Mario & Sonic on the Wii is a collection of twenty-four events based on the Olympic Games. Players can assume the role of a Nintendo or Sega character while competing against the others in these events. Players use the Wii Remote to mimic actions performed in real life sports, such as swinging a paddle.	LDt-LOtPxvw	Wii
2707	Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games	Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games is a sports game with the official license of the 2010 Winter Olympic Games and a crossover franchise from the Mario and the Sonic universe similar to Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games. It takes place at the Vancouver Winter Olympics of 2010. Like the previous game, the 27 events are presented as motion-based mini-games. Aside from the main events there are a series of Dream Events that have enhanced features and visuals. Some of the events can optionally be played using the balance board peripheral. Events include for instance skiing, snowboarding, bobsleigh, ice hockey, figure skating and more. The games can be played individually or in a festival mode that spans 17 days.	cGKeRZQCIms	Wii
2708	Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games	Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games is a collection of numerous events based on the Olympic Games. Mario & Sonic brings together the two titular characters and eighteen more from both franchises to participate in environments based on the official venues of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The characters are divided into four categories: all-around, speed, power, and skill.	RQu3T5Xy8TI	Wii
3340	Paper Mario	Paper Mario, a turn-based JRPG entry in the Mario franchise with a paper-based aesthetic and platforming elements, sees the titular character working his way through the Mushroom Kingdom's diverse locales and biomes, meeting its inhabitants, fighthing unruly enemies and recruiting an array of companions in order to once again save Princess Peach from the clutches of the evil Koopa King Bowser.	N6k5mCj5WmQ	Nintendo 64,Wii,Wii U
3349	Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door	What sleeps behind the door?  Time passes, the pages turn… and a new chapter unfolds in an unfamiliar land! Get ready for a two-dimensional role-playing adventure for the ages as Mario returns to paper form to discover a mystery that sleeps behind an ancient, legendary portal called the Thousand-Year Door. The quest is long, the dangers many, and this time, Mario will have to make full use of his papery qualities just to survive.	e8HxEVtxiSI	Nintendo GameCube
3350	Paper Mario: Sticker Star	A sticky situation has never been so fun! There's trouble afoot in the town of Decalburg, where the devious Bowser has disrupted the beloved Sticker Fest by causing the Sticker Comet to explode. Now Royal Stickers and pieces of the comet have been flung far and wide, and it's up to Mario and his ally Kersti to set things right by recovering them. This captivating hand-held adventure will have new and experienced fans of the Paper Mario series captivated as they navigate colorful 3D environments, defeat enemies, collect oodles of stickers and items and use them in a variety of fun ways.	oh-_1LYJXvQ	Nintendo 3DS
3364	Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time	The famous Mario Brothers return in this sequel to the humorous Superstar Saga. In this adventure, Princess Peach takes a trip in a time machine, but when it returns, there's only a monster inside! The heroic brothers travel back in time only to discover that evil alien life forms known as the Shroobs have taken over the Mushroom Kingdom, and no-one is safe! They soon meet up with their younger selves, and set out to stop the alien menace, not to mention rescue the Princess!	XB838mqScx4	Nintendo DS,Wii U
3365	Mario & Luigi: Dream Team	Mario and Luigi embark on the adventure of their dreams in a hilarious action RPG that combines the resort world of Pi’illo Island with the wild landscapes of Luigi’s imagination, where anything can happen. Meet a host of hilarious characters as you strive to rescue Princess Peach and help Prince Dreambert free his petrified Pi’illo people from the bat-king Antasma’s curse.	bAEAUQEhNFQ	Nintendo 3DS
3401	Mario Golf	Forget buying expensive golf gear--Mario brings the game to you. Mario Golf features four complete 18-hole courses, 11 golfers, and precise play control. Create your own golfer and build up his or her experience and skill levels by competing in various tournaments and head-to-head matches. The more you play, the stronger and more accurate your golfer becomes. There are many different modes of play in Mario Golf, including a wide variety of minigames designed to challenge even the most level-headed swingers.	t8IUIUC7Gng	Nintendo 64,Wii,Wii U
3403	Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour	Hit the links in the Mushroom Kingdom!  Mario, Peach, Yoshi, Donkey Kong and others have tee times reserved in the Mushroom Kingdom! Challenge them to tournaments, or take them on in character matches to collect rings or nab coins! Play on resort-style courses or look out for Chain Chomps, Warp Pipes and Thwomps on the Mushroom Kingdom courses!	iT-Tl8xW3K4	Nintendo GameCube
3405	Mario Golf: World Tour	Luigi and his Mushroom Kingdom neighbors are teeing up once again in Mario Golf: World Tour. The Nintendo 3DS game includes both simple controls and a deeper experience for golf fans, plus courses that range from traditional to those inspired by the Mushroom Kingdom	A5G0JPH3Vyw	Nintendo 3DS
3406	Mario Tennis	All of your favorite characters hit the court in a wild and wacky multiplayer tennis game from the makers of Mario Golf. Mario, Luigi, Bowser, Peach, Toad, and Donkey Kong lead off the all-star, 14-player line-up. The fast-paced action will have you unleashing vicious volleys, life-saving lobs, ballistic backhands and electrifying super-charged smashes!	aToQ5j6wgnU	Nintendo 64,Wii,Wii U
3476	Dr. Mario	Dr. Mario is a falling block tile-matching video game, in which Mario assumes the role of a doctor, dropping two-colored medical capsules into a medicine bottle representing the playing field. This area is populated by viruses of three colors: red, yellow, and blue. In a manner and style considered similar to Tetris, the player manipulates each capsule as it falls, moving it left or right and rotating it such that it is positioned alongside the viruses and any existing capsules. When four or more capsule halves or viruses of matching color are aligned in vertical or horizontal configurations, they are removed from play. The main objective is to complete levels, which is accomplished by eliminating all viruses from the playing field. A game over occurs if capsules fill up the playing field in a way that obstructs the bottle's narrow neck.	6Qqa4Qz9wWs	Nintendo Entertainment System,Wii U
3985	Mario Power Tennis	Mario Power Tennis features variations of tennis matches consisting of characters, courts, and scenarios based on the Mario series. The range of courts includes the standard three types of tennis court, but consists predominantly of those themed upon games in the Mario series, known as "Gimmick" courts. As well as adopting the style aesthetically, these feature thematic elements that influence how the match will be played on that surface, such as the ghosts in the Luigi's Mansion court, which hinder movement when the character comes into physical contact with them. Although standard tennis is available, variants of the sport can be played which adopt different rules and methods of victory. "Ring Shot" involves the player earning points by hitting the ball through rings of varying sizes, with the number of points dependent on the difficulty of the shot.[9] The player acquires the points whenever a winning shot is made adhering to standard rules; the match is won once the predetermined number of points is equaled or surpassed. A similar mode, "Item Battle", involves the characters using items based on the Mario universe to interfere with each other's game and gain an advantage	VUu0hy8Aa6E	Nintendo GameCube,Wii
3987	Mario Super Sluggers	Mario Super Sluggers, the sequel to Mario Superstar Baseball, continues the arcade-style gameplay of Mario sports games. Mario and friends are invited to the Baseball Kingdom to play games against each other. When Bowser hears this, he immediately interrupts the party.  There are several game modes to choose from like in the previous game. In Exhibition mode, players play a single game against each other. Players can choose different options such as how many innings to play, if captains can use star powers (each captain has a different star swing and pitch), and toggle error items off and on (error items can be thrown at fielders).  The single-player Challenge mode is different this time around. Instead of choosing a team captain, players start with Mario who must find teammates to take on Bowser Jr. and Bowser. Teammates aren't unlocked by playing a game rather they only join the team by clearing certain objectives. Most of the action takes place on areas with an overhead perspective; each area is based around a team captain. Each captain has a special ability to find teammates and coins, which are used to buy items to aid in the quest or in a game against Bowser Jr. or later against Bowser. More coins can be gotten in minigames.  Toy Field mode is slightly different to the one featured in Mario Superstar Baseball. Like in the GameCube game, players take turns batting to get points; a turn is granted to whomever grabs and holds the ball after a certain amount of time has passed. Unlike in the previous game, however, fielders can attack each other to steal the ball away from whomever has it. The batter can also throw items at the fielders to cause them to drop the ball and grant the batter another turn.	w0kp0L_r1l4	Wii,Wii U
3988	Mario Hoops 3-on-3	Get that magic touch. There are plenty of basketball games out there, but none with the hands-on control of Mario Hoops 3-on-3. Players use the touch screen to get their game on as they execute tricky dribbles, special passes and sweet shots - all with strokes and taps of the stylus. Players choose their teams of three characters from the Mario universe and hit the parquet. Power-ups like Red Shells and Bob-ombs can turn the tide as they chase down coins - they will affect the score, so players collect as many as they can as they drive to the hoop. Whether playing against friends on a local wireless connection, jamming through a tournament or just playing mini-games, there's a mode for everyone.	GXtkD8r1yzE	Nintendo DS,Wii U
3989	Mario Sports Mix	The games include volleyball, hockey (both field and ice), dodgeball, and basketball in the vein of the two companies' earlier collaboration, Mario Hoops 3 on 3. There are power-up items which give advantages to the team that attains them. Each game has an Exhibition mode, in which up to four human players compete in individual matches, and Tournament mode, where up to three players play matches in a tournament structure, with modes of difficulty named Mushroom, Flower and Star.  Mario Sports Mix also includes several party games based on the mechanics of each sport. Smash Skate is based on Hockey, Bob-omb Dodge is based on Dodgeball, Feed Petey is based on Basketball, and Harmony Hustle is based on Volleyball.	upJoBoAMwmI	Wii,Wii U
3990	Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games	Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games is a Wii U game, and is the fourth installment in the Mario & Sonic series. It includes a variety of events from the winter games such as skiing, figure skating, and curling. As the title implies, the game is centered around the 2014 Olympic Winter Games, taking place in Sochi, Russia. Different events uses the Wii Remote Plus controller, Wii U GamePad, or both. As the other games in the series, it features realistic events with ones in Mario's and Sonic's worlds. As the game is a Wii U exclusive, Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games is the first in the series to not have a handheld version.	F0GROJ1F41E	Wii U
5199	Super Mario All-Stars	Super Mario All-Stars is a compilation of remasters for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It enhances Super Mario Bros., Super Mario Bros. 2, Super Mario Bros. 3 and Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels with an added on-cartridge save feature, updated graphics and sound, and an additional "battle game" for Super Mario Bros. 3. It is also the first time that the original Japanese Super Mario Bros. 2 was released for the western public.	VE9qGHgbPQ4	Super Nintendo Entertainment System
5418	Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars	A JRPG entry in the Super Mario franchise in which Mario meets many unlikely allies in order to jump and fight his way through the Mushroom Kingdom and collect stars to repair the Star Road, the pathway that grants people's wishes, which was destroyed by Smithy, the otherworldly entity that hijacked Bowser's castle and threw the Kingdom into disarray.	OCuHns42zdc	Super Nintendo Entertainment System,Wii,Wii U
5712	Mario Tennis Open	Instantly jump into the multiplayer fun, locally or online, as your Mii or your favorite Mushroom Kingdom character. Discover simple touch screen controls as well as strategic depth with different tennis swings, both which propel the tennis experience into an ever-intensifying crescendo of fun as the volleys go on.	1kGlWyHlJVc	Nintendo 3DS
6504	Mario Tennis: Power Tour	Players can test their backhand in this unique role-playing tennis adventure. Train hard at the Royal Tennis Academy to be a champion. Gain experience and improve your skills through lessons and tournaments, and rise to the top of the ranks. Play as Mario, Peach, Waluigi, or Donkey Kong in a slew of wild modes. Advance through the story and unlock even more characters, all with their own power moves. Beat Mario at his own game, then link up with a friend or three for even more frantic fun.	lJGvUvAyZtU	Game Boy Advance,Wii U
6505	Mario vs. Donkey Kong	After years of apparent goodwill, Mario and Donkey Kong are at it again--this time, on Game Boy Advance. Donkey Kong has stolen all the Mini-Mario toys from the Mario Toy Co., and now it's up to Mario to hunt down his longtime nemesis and retrieve the pilfered goods. As Mario, you must race through challenging levels while finding keys and releasing Mini Marios before time runs out. Along the way, you'll master new moves that can help you overcome new puzzles.	B8ZHwEMyFeo	Game Boy Advance,Nintendo 3DS,Wii U
6506	Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis	It seems folks love those Mini Mario toys. So much so that the Mario Toy Company has expanded the line to include Mini Donkey Kong, Mini Toad and Mini Peach figures to the series. With all these toys bringing him more money than he knows what to do with, Mario decides to fulfill his lifelong dream and open a theme park called Super Mini Mario World. The opening-day crowd includes Pauline and Donkey Kong, who immediately falls head over heels for the lovely lass. The proud ape tries to show off his Mini DK toy to Pauline, but she picks the Mini Mario toy over his and the jealous Donkey Kong becomes enraged. He smashes the displays, destroys the toys and takes Pauline to the top floor of the amusement park. Players must find Pauline and save the day. Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 allows players to create their own maps with a new level editor. Once a map is created, players can send it across the world via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. Players also can use Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection to download maps created by others, check out a player-ranking system and access special bonuses. These unique features are sure to be a smash hit with puzzle fans everywhere.	NMRMIby-64U	Nintendo DS,Wii U
7339	Super Mario Maker	Super Mario Maker lets people’s imaginations run wild. For the first time ever, friends can have fun playing through levels they create for one another. The Wii U GamePad controller makes it so easy for anyone to create levels; it may feel like simply sketching out ideas on paper. Players can enjoy a seemingly endless supply of inventive Mario levels from players around the world.  The game includes a book totaling about 100 pages that illustrates the boundless possibilities in Super Mario Maker. Nintendo will also release two special Mario amiibo figures to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the original Super Mario Bros. game. Tapping these amiibo in Super Mario Maker adds a Big Mushroom power-up to your course, allowing Mario to grow big and bust blocks from any direction, as well as adding a retro visual filter to the game, reminiscent of older cathode ray tube televisions. In addition, many other amiibo will also be compatible with Super Mario Maker through the use of a new item called the Mystery Mushroom. This item allows Mario to take the appearance of many other characters, such as Link, Kirby or Wii Fit Trainer, complete with character-specific animations and sound effects. These character costumes can be unlocked by completing the 100 Mario Challenge mode and many can also be unlocked if the player taps the amiibo of the character to the Wii U GamePad.	NLS458ekSEI	Wii U
7340	Mario Party 10	Mario Party 10 has tons of fun new ways to play, challenge, and triumph over your friends, with new modes and a wealth of other exciting goodies. Strategize your way around a variety of unique boards to gather coins and stars, and best your buddies. In Bowser Party mode, you can take the role of bad guy Bowser to mess with your friends’ game. Need to let off some steam? Challenge your friends to a bunch of exciting minigames, unlock bonus content, and more.	Q29s8Jn_I5U	Wii U
8203	Mario Paint	Mario Paint is an educational game that allows anyone to create simple pictures, paint over black and white pictures, or free draw their own using the specially developed SNES Mouse. The player can also create their own piece of music using a selection of notes and themes, create greeting cards and animations, or play a game of "Gnat Attack", where they use the mouse to control a swatter to swat flies.	RODZ75NAioc	Super Nintendo Entertainment System
8594	Mario Vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars	In this puzzle/platformer hybrid, players guide Mario Minis to the exit door using touch control. As with previous games in the series, players can create their own levels and share them with other players online. In this game, players can “tip” the creators of the user-generated puzzles with stars, which can be used to buy new parts in the robust level creator.	8Q_qq-dL7FY	Nintendo 3DS,Wii U
11068	Dr. Mario: Miracle Cure	Use new power-ups in the ultimate Dr. Mario game on the go!	MklbBV1HdyE	Nintendo 3DS
11195	Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam	Paper Mario jumps out of a book and into the bizarre adventures of Mario & Luigi, resulting in hilarious, and dangerous, hijinks! Become the superstar team of Mario, Luigi and Paper Mario to take on quests, take down enemies, and untangle these two unique universes in this playful new entry in the Mario & Luigi series.	zI9Ic3tz2lc	Nintendo 3DS
11220	Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash	Grab your friends and family and dive into multiplayer mayhem with Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash on the Wii U console. Along with the fun and dynamic gameplay known to the franchise, surprise your opponents with a new move to the series, the Jumpshot, which sends the ball flying down the court.  Change the sport up with new Mega Battles, using the Mega Mushroom to gain an advantage over the competition.  Claim your spot in Mario Tennis lore in singles (1v1) or doubles (2v2) as you play with and against family, friends or the CPU using returning and new characters to the series.	PXBWAjxioSU	Wii U
11258	Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games	Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games is the fifth installment of the Mario & Sonic series. Unlike previous games, this game was officially licensed by the International Olympic Committee for the 31st Summer Olympic Games and taking place in the host city Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. The game contains two new game modes, Golf and Rugby along with twenty new characters, ten from the Mario series, ten from the Sonic the Hedgehog series.	MymoCR2iy9E	Wii U
16748	Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3	Super Mario Advance 4 is a GBA remake of Super Mario Bros. 3 for the NES.  Super Mario Advance is a four-part series for the GBA with Super Mario games of the NES and SNES era. The remakes came with adjusted graphics, sound and additional content. Each game of the series includes additionally the arcade-classic "Mario Bros" which can be played in multiplayer via link cable.	80ii-TQxBBo	Game Boy Advance
18065	Classic NES Series: Super Mario Bros.	Classic NES Series: Super Mario Bros. takes you back to the very first battle between Mario and Bowser. Now on the Game Boy Advance, you can relive all the mushroom-eating, Koopa-stomping action from the original game. Always strive for the high score while jumping on top of flag poles, pipes, and bricks. This time, two players can alternate play with a single Game Pak or with GBAs linked by a Game Boy Advance Game Link Cable.	MrtGe_UrZLA	Game Boy Advance
18169	Paper Mario: Color Splash	A mystery is afoot on Prism Island - and only Paper Mario can solve it by restoring the island's vanishing colors with his new Paint Hammer and the powerful Battle Cards up his sleeve. These fresh layers of strategy, along with the hilarious action adventure gameplay the series is known for, make this one of the most colorful Paper Mario action-adventure games ever.	srawCiYfP6Y	Wii U
19599	Mario Party: Star Rush	A new Mario Party game for Nintendo 3DS that includes additions and changes to make it much more fast-paced and portable-friendly	WLxeCYQknak	Nintendo 3DS
21093	Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Mini-Land Mayhem!	At the grand opening of Mario's third theme park, the first 100 guests receive a new Mini Pauline toy. Donkey Kong arrives as the 101st guest and finds himself out of luck. He grabs Pauline and heads into the park with Mario and his Mini Marios in hot pursuit. The fourth game in the series adds new challenges and new opportunities for users to share what they have created.	pt2Ar7FzVpQ	Nintendo DS
21624	Mario's Game Gallery	Mario's Game Gallery is a collection of board games, in which you play with Mario. He talks to you, playing Checkers, Go Fish, Dominoes, Backgammon and Yacht. The games all play similarly to their real world counterparts, featuring pieces based on the Mario universe. Mario's Game Gallery is the first game in the series to feature Charles Martinet as Mario's voice actor, who has since gone on to act as Mario's voice actor in all games that give Mario a voice since.	Af09KM26YP4	DOS,Mac
22141	Mario Kart 8: DLC Pack One	NULL	WseR5h3zMs8	Wii U
22146	Mario Kart 8: DLC Pack Two	This DLC Pack adds Villager, Isabelle, and Dry Bowser as well as the Bell and Crossing cups and the Streetle, P-Wing, City Tripper, Bone Rattler, and Crossing Kite vehicle parts.	zwiodIbH3yc	Wii U
22301	Super Mario 64 DS	Super Mario 64, the classic 3D platformer for the Nintendo 64, arrives on the Nintendo DS with all-new features that take advantage of the portable system's dual screens, touch screen, and wireless multiplayer capability. Like the original game, Super Mario 64 DS challenges you to find all the power stars hidden throughout the royal castle in the effort to free Peach imprisoned inside the castle. This time, you can play as Mario, Luigi, Wario, and Yoshi, each of whom has unique abilities. Overcome the challenges on your own or battle up to three of your friends in the multiplayer modes.	k3P1LgtS0d4	Nintendo DS,Wii U
